readme.md, before:

# Assignment 05: Odd Student Out
- IA: Genessis Galindo
- Designer: Giovanni Ilacqua
- Coder: Jack Dalton

### Link to Website
INSERT HERE BEFORE SUBMISSION TO BLACKBOARD

## Domain
The domain of the website is students. Each webpage covers a different students-- two of which are similar (Computer Science majors) and one which is different (Political Science major) but all share: introduction, courses, work experience, and interests.

## Ontology
### Overall Website
- Each page focuses on a senior student
### Index
- Two pages look at students who are Computer Science majors
- One page looks at a Political Science major
- Each webpage goes into more detail about the student
### Individual Page
- Each student has an introduction
- Each student has a course section
- Each student has work experience
- Each student has interests

## Taxonomy
### Index
- h1 tag for Assignment 5: Odd Student Out
	- nav bar is "Home, Akshay Desi, Won Kuk Lee, Tom Hogrefe"

	- h2 tag is name of students featured on the other pages
		- Brief intro to each student

	- footer is "© CSC 174: Advanced Front-end Web Design and Development"

### Individual Pages
- h1 tags for "Assignment 5: Odd Student Out"
	- nav bar is "Home, Akshay Desi, Won Kuk Lee, Tom Hogrefe"

	-h2 tag is the name of the current student featured on the page
		- h3 tag is used for the subtopics
		- Introduction
		- Courses
		- Work Experience
		- Interests
	- footer is "© CSC 174: Advanced Front-end Web Design and Development"

## Choreography
- First two students are both Computer Science majors, they are then followed by the Political Science major.
1. Home (index page)
2. Akshay Desi
3. Won Kuk Lee
4. Tom Hogrefe

Commit message:

Updated readme.md with link to website and updated choreo

readme.md, after:

# Assignment 05: Odd Student Out
- IA: Genessis Galindo
- Designer: Giovanni Ilacqua
- Coder: Jack Dalton

### Link to Website
https://github.com/definitelynotavirus/csc174Assignment05

## Domain
The domain of the website is students. Each webpage covers a different students-- two of which are similar (Computer Science majors) and one which is different (Political Science major) but all share: introduction (featured on the index), courses, and work experience.

## Ontology
### Overall Website
- Each page focuses on a senior student

### Index
- Following page goes through the two Computer Science students and the Political Science Student

### Individual Page
- Each student has an introduction
- Each student has a course section
- Each student has work experience
- Each student has interests

## Taxonomy
### Index
- h1 tag for Assignment 5: Odd Student Out
	- nav bar is "Home, Students"

	- h2 tag is name of students featured
		- Brief intro to each student

	- footer is "© CSC 174: Advanced Front-end Web Design and Development"

### Individual Pages
- h1 tags for "Assignment 5: Odd Student Out"
	- nav bar is "Home, Student"

	-h2 tag is the name of the current student featured
		- h3 tag is used for the subtopics
		- Courses
		- Work Experience
	- footer is "© CSC 174: Advanced Front-end Web Design and Development"

## Choreography
- Student page begins with the first two students who are Computer Science majors and then is followed by the Political Science major
1. Home (index page)
2. Students
